Hello everyone in this issue I want
show and tell a little about that
do the wings protect you and what are they from
protect not a secret well I have many times
said in the commercials that I love to ride
in the mud if you can go
on asphalt or near the dirt if
not in a hurry and not in a suit then in
Basically I'm going for it to rags
cally ride on a bicycle in a suit I'm not
I think this is bad shameful to me
convenient and comfortable and most importantly useful for
health
but now it's not about that I already did
release of quick release wing from skf for
twenty-ninth wheel here and we is not
protects from dirt as if I did not like
quick release wings from sks draw
attention as the wing is
in relation to the wheel at the separation point
the twenty-ninth wheel is here
here therefore all the dirt flies by if
we look at the wing from the front as if
parts not from front and front stole faces
in that part of which face me like this
it will be correct to see just
overdokhrena gryazev on pieces in layers
falls off it says that the whole
this dirt flies on you because it
is on top of the shelter and this
so really I put it here
here is the wing
lest I fly all in the face
but we can look at the frame here
then see that it’s all in it
distance to mud c flies by
because everything here is dirty we go on
Well , firstly because of the features
liner designs virtually none
full-sized wing will not get on
back wheel by the way this liner is still
pretty nice exception here
You can put in principle the full size
q it will have to crawl out but
but everything else seems to be right here
all dirty is what's what
seat tube that bottom tube up
the only thing that is not dirty is the pump
and bottle holder then only
because I set at two hours ago
and I rode yesterday, well, the rear is clear that
all in the mud I drive with the trunk and yes
how I got out without finding it ok
removable wing for twenty ninth wheels
I put a removable wing of twenty
sixth wheel and fasten it with clamps
to the trunk that is with him by dash them
removed with the wing all the back
i'm always clean because cola
protects well in such an installation because
that the separation point at twenty ninth
wheels is somewhere here all
gets here but with the front fender
that's it with this shock blade & the fog
blade 2
it does not protect against dirt
you do not have on the twenty-ninth wheels
Well, in general, the activation of 9 wheels will shock
not the best choice
I regret that I bought it so when
finances let me get myself what
Something else on trial for example the same
topic once it does not protect need to try
I haven't washed something new because
what i had to say for today is all
tell your friends like me
Alexey Bai
on